Contact: liedchris@gmail.com

krew.io / Krew.io Game Inc. Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

1. Terms
	By accessing the website at http://krew.io, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of
	service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance
	with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited
	from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by
	applicable copyright and trademark law.

2. Use License

	Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or
	software) on Krew.io Game Inc.'s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the
	grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

	- modify or copy the materials;
	- use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
	- attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Krew.io Game Inc.'s website;
	- remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
	- transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.

	You may:

	- embed krew.io via <iframe> on external websites as long as they are clearly labeled as such and
	without intention of stealing krew.io content or claiming it as your own creation

	This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be
	terminated by Krew.io Game Inc. at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the
	termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession
	whether in electronic or printed format.
  

3. Disclaimer

	The materials on Krew.io Game Inc.'s website are provided on an 'as is' basis. Krew.io Game Inc. makes no warranties,
	expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without
	limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular
	purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further,
	Krew.io Game Inc. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or
	reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials
	or on any sites linked to this site.


4. Limitations

	In no event shall Krew.io Game Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without
	limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of
	the use or inability to use the materials on Krew.io Game Inc.'s website, even if Krew.io Game Inc. or a Krew.io Game Inc.
	authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such
	damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or
	limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not
	apply to you.

5. Accuracy of materials

	The materials appearing on Krew.io Game Inc.'s website could include technical, typographical, or
	photographic errors. Krew.io Game Inc. does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are
	accurate, complete or current. Krew.io Game Inc. may make changes to the materials contained on its website
	at any time without notice. However Krew.io Game Inc. does not make any commitment to update the materials.

6. Links

	Krew.io Game Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the
	contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Krew.io Game Inc.
	of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.

7. Modifications

	Krew.io Game Inc. may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using
	this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.

8. Governing Law

	These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Germany
	and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or
	location.

Privacy Policy

	Your privacy is important to us.

	It is Krew.io Game Inc.'s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while
	operating our website. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to
	understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal
	information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.

	We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the
	knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Before or at the time of collecting personal
	information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected. We will
	collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and
	for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as
	required by law. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used,
	and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
	We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or
	theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We will make
	readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the
	management of personal information. We will only retain personal information for as long as
	necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.

	We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to
	ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Krew.io Game Inc. may
	change this privacy policy from time to time at Krew.io Game Inc.'s sole discretion.